README.md, before:

# Minecraft Status Bridge

Every Minecraft Server offers a Status Handshake, which can be used to query the MOTD, current players and more.  
minecraft_server_bridge is a nodejs server which allows to query this as JSON from a REST endpoint:

`curl 'http://localhost:4100/?host=mc.gsservers.net'`


    {
    "description": {
        "text": "§r           §3§lGS§b§lServers §8§l➤ §61.15.2 Survival\n §a§lJobs §8§l◆ §9§lMcMMMO §8§l◆ §e§lEvents §8§l◆ §d§lDiscord §8§l◆ §c§lCrates"
    },
    "players": {
        "max": 35,
        "online": 4,
        "sample": [
        {
            "id": "e3478fa5-d6d6-4613-8649-693e9885783b",
            "name": "SmolTiddyLoliGF"
        },
        {
            "id": "b7dc721f-2103-4af5-8ec0-76048e472780",
            "name": "Nosturimies"
        },
        {
            "id": "643de34c-ecbd-4957-8e0d-0f09bbaecd71",
            "name": "Hedhed"
        },
        {
            "id": "60f0d204-2eb9-4f5f-a486-1bea15cf8d63",
            "name": "Tracy_Grimshaw"
        }
        ]
    },
    "version": {
        "name": "Paper 1.15.2",
        "protocol": 578
    },
    "favicon": "data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0 ... (FAVICON SHORTENED)"
    }
    
(This was done on 1st May 2020 on a server I randomly selected from server lists, maybe the server is down now. I shortened the favicon base64 string here and also changed the player's UUIDs to a random one to protect their privacy.)

The bridge can be used, for example, to input the data to another tool like [huginn](https://github.com/huginn/huginn/).  
Another use case would be to display the current status on your website.

## Setup

First, nodejs and npm have to be installed. I tested it with node-v12.14.1 on Ubuntu and node-v12.16.3-linux-armv6l on Raspberry Pi. The current nodejs apt version on Debian 10 is 10.19.0 which also works (I did not use Promises or any other new feature).

`git clone https://github.com/msrst/minecraft_status_bridge`  
`npm install`  
Run with `node .`

### Setup with Docker

To use the docker image:  
`docker run -p 4100:4100 -d msrst/minecraft_status_bridge`  
This also works for raspberry pi, because I also built it for armv7.

## REST Endpoint

`http://localhost:4100/?host=<host>&port=<port>`

The default value for port is 25565 (default minecraft port).  
Host can be an ip adress or a domain name.  

## Library usage

In case a REST server is not needed, the files app/query.js and app/data.js contain the necessary functions.  

Example:

    const query = require('./query')

    const host = 'mc.gsservers.net'
    const port = 25565

    const my_fetcher = new query.Fetcher();
    my_fetcher.query(host, port, function(status) {
            console.log('Fetched status: %o', status);
        },
        function(error) {
            console.error('Error:', error);
        });

## License

Copyright (C) Matthias Rosenthal  
License: [GPL3](./License)  
Applies to all files

Commit message:

add docs on how to build the images, update eslint version

README.md, after:

# Minecraft Status Bridge

Every Minecraft Server offers a Status Handshake, which can be used to query the MOTD, current players and more.  
minecraft_server_bridge is a nodejs server which allows to query this as JSON from a REST endpoint:

`curl 'http://localhost:4100/?host=mc.gsservers.net'`


    {
    "description": {
        "text": "§r           §3§lGS§b§lServers §8§l➤ §61.15.2 Survival\n §a§lJobs §8§l◆ §9§lMcMMMO §8§l◆ §e§lEvents §8§l◆ §d§lDiscord §8§l◆ §c§lCrates"
    },
    "players": {
        "max": 35,
        "online": 4,
        "sample": [
        {
            "id": "e3478fa5-d6d6-4613-8649-693e9885783b",
            "name": "SmolTiddyLoliGF"
        },
        {
            "id": "b7dc721f-2103-4af5-8ec0-76048e472780",
            "name": "Nosturimies"
        },
        {
            "id": "643de34c-ecbd-4957-8e0d-0f09bbaecd71",
            "name": "Hedhed"
        },
        {
            "id": "60f0d204-2eb9-4f5f-a486-1bea15cf8d63",
            "name": "Tracy_Grimshaw"
        }
        ]
    },
    "version": {
        "name": "Paper 1.15.2",
        "protocol": 578
    },
    "favicon": "data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0 ... (FAVICON SHORTENED)"
    }
    
(This was done on 1st May 2020 on a server I randomly selected from server lists, maybe the server is down now. I shortened the favicon base64 string here and also changed the player's UUIDs to a random one to protect their privacy.)

The bridge can be used, for example, to input the data to another tool like [huginn](https://github.com/huginn/huginn/).  
Another use case would be to display the current status on your website.

## Setup

First, nodejs and npm have to be installed. I tested it with node-v12.14.1 on Ubuntu and node-v12.16.3-linux-armv6l on Raspberry Pi. The current nodejs apt version on Debian 10 is 10.19.0 which also works (I did not use Promises or any other new feature).

`git clone https://github.com/msrst/minecraft_status_bridge`  
`npm install`  
Run with `node .`

### Setup with Docker

To use the docker image:  
`docker run -p 4100:4100 -d msrst/minecraft_status_bridge`  
This also works for raspberry pi, because I also built it for armv7.

### Creating the docker image by yourself

This should usually not be needed, because one can pull the image from docker hub as shown above. But if required, the procedure is as follows: Firstly, enable the experimental mode (for buildx) by adding the json key:value pair `"experimental": "enabled"` to  ~/.docker/config.json and `"experimental": true` to /etc/docker/daemon.json (this might be changed in the future, then build can be used instead of buildx).

Then, run the following commands:

```bash
docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static --reset -p yes
docker buildx create --name mymulti --platform linux/amd64,linux/arm64,linux/arm/v7,linux/arm/v6,linux/386
docker buildx use mymulti
docker buildx build --platform linux/amd64,linux/arm64,linux/arm/v7 -t msrst/minecraft_status_bridge .
```

## REST Endpoint

`http://localhost:4100/?host=<host>&port=<port>`

The default value for port is 25565 (default minecraft port).  
Host can be an ip adress or a domain name.  

## Library usage

In case a REST server is not needed, the files app/query.js and app/data.js contain the necessary functions.  

Example:

    const query = require('./query')

    const host = 'mc.gsservers.net'
    const port = 25565

    const my_fetcher = new query.Fetcher();
    my_fetcher.query(host, port, function(status) {
            console.log('Fetched status: %o', status);
        },
        function(error) {
            console.error('Error:', error);
        });

## License

Copyright (C) Matthias Rosenthal  
License: [GPL3](./License)  
Applies to all files
